There’s nothing Jehovah
could possibly need.
He made everything
from the start.
So what can I give him,
or how can I live
In a way that brings joy
to his heart?
Now I know what it takes,
so with each day that breaks
Here’s what I will do:
I’ll give to you, Jehovah,
the best I have to give.
I’ll live for you, Jehovah,
as long as I may live.
No matter
what life brings,
I’ll honor you
with my valuable things.
With love in your heart,
you have given us life,
and I treasure
the joy that it brings.
What more can I do
to give honor to you,
Than to give you
my valuable things?
Yes, I know what it takes,
so with each day that breaks
I know what I will do:
I’ll give to you, Jehovah,
the best I have to give.
I’ll live for you, Jehovah,
as long as I may live.
No matter
what life brings,
I’ll honor you
with my valuable things.